while the company name was Drive pass the overall owner of the company that we were actually meeting with was liam. I did find myself having trouble designing the system itself as I seen so many different things that we could do and couldn't quite focus on one particular part of the system to make it do well. I did however think I did particularly well finding what the customer needs were and a general idea on how to fulfill them but when it came time to actually make it happen I found myself overwhelmed in the different ideas on how to do things. Vendor advise any part of my documentation it would be probably the limitations and I would define them better than what I have them as now. I think I would be more Pacific on what exactly limitations would pose 4 going towards each route as I did not really clearly define them in my opinion for the business owner. Which is something you really should do in the real world and make it clear to them what you can in one side do you may not be able to do on another and the outcomes may be two very different things. I think overall I interpreted pretty well the users needs into the design of the system it is important to put yourself in place of the user when designing it to better understand what they will be facing sometimes it's adverse city or not up-to-date equipment or they have bad internet on how it will lag. When I approached this initially I came with it with an open mind and painted broad strokes onto the canvas of designing this software. The techniques or strategies I used varied in this one that I could future use in father my understanding of analyzing and designing systems particularly pulling from what a user /business owner says So what they actually mean I know there are a lot of assumptions on us and the business center when making and designing a system and we should always go back and clarify anything we have doubts on. That way down the road we do not run into problems when we are testing or implementing the designed software which could cost the business owner a lot of money from a simple misunderstanding of where a button should be placed or an action that should be taken.
